docs: Seach Metadata Batch 01 (#14560)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/install/performance.mdx

---
layout: docs

> page_title: Server Requirements

Reviewer: Not sure about this change. It is kinda specific to performance, it's not about generic server requirements. Options I like:
* Server Performance
* Server Performance Tuning
* Server Performance Requirements

Reviewer 2: I like "Server Performance Requirements"

It's not about the performance of servers, or the general requirements for servers. It's about the requirements needed for performant operation.

Reviewer 3: +1 to server performance requirements

description: >-

> Consul servers require computing resources to communicate and process data quickly. Learn about Consul's minimum server requirements and recommendations for different workloads. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consul servers require sufficient compute resources to communicate and process data quickly. Learn about Consul's minimum server requirements and recommendations for different workloads. 
```
